shootter most bigger At Your Service
that is the mech boy of Fufu Hunter
today going to be going down this side
to grab his natural and then exploit his
teleportation to take the contested on
fedd Folly today he's got Garrison's
assisting him here and then he can hop
over this way of his teleport great
little map for a teleporting Commander
tyranids however do not have any
teleporting commanders so instead
they're going to be relying on their
dirty little tendrils in order to take
down the Orcs I feel like it's been a
while since we've had any or V tyranids
absolutely love this match up it is
chaos now the tyranids are a lot more
cost
effective in terms of HP per pop and
damage per pop early on compared to the
boys so Tyran is really have to exploit
that advantage that they
have and there goes the flesh hook who
trying to get the a little bit weaker
before he hooked him in because of
course the mech can just do this
teleport away it's quite annoying but
the mech boy was soft retreating wind he
went for it anyway unfortunately he
can't actually Force off the mech boy so
he's still putting in somewh capping
down this side of the map but yeah
generally the the gauns are stronger now
the funny thing is though Sluggers
counter homant homon counter Shooters
turant counter Sluggers Shooters counter
turant
you can see there some really good
damage coming in from the teras and the
Sluggers but no toxin sexs yet so they
don't have the Crypton
poison this is not looking
great I have a sneeze coming on but it
didn't happen terrible okay yeah Elixir
was trying to bit them Sluggers in get a
wipe or so I'm
not we lost four termers on that Squad
we lost what two on the other probably a
win honestly for the Orcs I'm not sure
probably even yeah three Sluggers and a
shooter that's about
even so that's fine but we're getting a
nice bit of XP here on the lior alpha
which is cool to
see you got so let's see the Nets need
to keep the pressure on as I say they've
got that little ear game Advantage their
troops are just as effective in combat
whilst being faster and cheaper so yeah
big Advantage for him but this changes
when you get to tier two and especially
with a double Slugger build if you end
up getting double okay this is a bad
fight for the Sluggers they don't want
to fight too Mele squads at once
especially with that special setting it
up yeah you get double Sluggers with
their Slugger knob in tier two and they
are very fearsome against tyranids
notably because the Slugger knob does a
load of power Mele which allows you to
pop the synapse creatures like the
Warriors very easily and for that reason
you do often see the B Strangler in this
matchup that shuts down the shooters
which can beat you if you've gone for
double termagant so double termagant
into bar Strangler makes a lot more
sense than a homon build going into bar
Strangler furthermore you don't really
want your warriors in Mel in tier two
anyway because of the presence of those
Slugger knobs but you know you give them
forx swarm in tier two in addition to
the B Strangler and they can be quite
useful at ranged so you don't risk that
it's good on this map as well because of
the elevation you can stand here and as
long as something has sight of these
boys you can shoot over and suppress
them all look at that for Squad
suppressed decent bit of Splash damage
pain booy is the choice here for Fufu
and that will be quite good actually
against the Bob Strangler obviously
heals are a great way to mitigate the
effect of AE damage cuz AE damage
doesn't kill actual
models yeah I'm not sure about this
fight there's double Sluggers coming in
here so this is probably not a great
great situation at least the Val
Strangler can suppress one of the
Sluggers to buy a little bit of time but
yeah Big Shooters W on all these boys so
a lot of speed and damage Buffs going
down there a lot of horag getting killed
don't think they'll get wiped no oh
painboy needs to get out though now
we've got the toxin my Asma out 65 Mele
DPS what's the painboy doing still in
combat he's trying to stall he wants the
Sluggers to get the kill and wow they do
I guess the elixir already used his
flesh
hook how much damage is flesh
Hook is it like 130 I always felt like
it was 130 but it might have been nerfed
since then I don't know maybe he'd
already used the flesh
hook that's why I thought the pain boy
was in trouble but a good good player
then to stay in as long as he did stor
boys the next followup makes sense as
the you're the arc you want to put the
pressure on in tier one because if you
don't you risk losing in tier one to a
heavy nid tier one
so you need to kind of match them if you
try to rush tier two really there's a
very large chance you'll just get pushed
back into your base and basically lose
in tier one and the Synergy with pain
boy and Stor boys is great and now
that's another Squad in tier two that
can get a melee knob leader that's
really powerful obviously Fufu making a
little mistake here he isn't actually
capping the point but he thinks he is
should see it now when he moves his me
boy over he's not going to enough time
though with the Warriors
lering you don't really want to engage
the Warriors went hogon are right
there while storb will definitely
soundly defeat homon in their own the
extra chip damage coming in from the B
Strangler will be quite
annoying okay flesh hook the shooter
knob got to get out of there wow so
close to getting wiped holy [__] 4 HP
wow nice special attack there from the
lior G for the adrenal GLS to make him
more tanky in tier one that's an
interesting
choice but yeah double burners now on
the Sluggers only versing one hmer and
like I said hommers are not the coun of
smele homers are best to counter ranged
cuz they only have 55 melee skills so
they get specialed and knocked all over
the place and of course the pain booy
was in that combat too helping
contribute some damage must have thrown
out a heal on one of these Sluggers and
yeah it's not a good situation for Floyd
he needs his b Strangler in his ter
again well to be honest he kind of needs
everything blobbed up but this is the
problem of him only having four units
versus five on Fufu and you basically
had every unit in that fight there
shooters were there at the start the
only thing that wasn't was the mech boy
who's been running around capping which
she's very good at because of this
teleporting over this sort of unpassable
terrain kind of
situation so yeah Floyd needs another
unit to try and contest
that maybe raveners should hunt down the
mech boy quite
expensive it's awkward I feel like you
do need the homers in these main fights
to counter initiate the storb when they
jump the
Warriors and the thing is the storb
would obviously beat the harmers
one-onone but the thing is they can't
stand and do that because they need to
be tying up the B Strangler or it's
going to start suppressing all the melee
which then gets beaten by the double hun
H sorry the double tur shooting it down
so here we go so the problem is here you
haven't got any harmers so we get a
crippling poison on the Storm boys but
the pain boy slipped in he's getting
focus fired it seems there is potential
flesh hook here which I think stalk
needs to be used oh beautiful borrow
that should be the end of the pain boy
goes for the flesh hook gets the kill
turas did get compromised by the double
Sluggers but that's all right no wipes
and they got the kill in the pain Bo so
that's a really big pickup look lck need
to get out before he gets focused down
yeah so Floyd forced off on the
engagement a technical loss I suppose
you could say but at the end of the day
that was the full Army of Fufu Floyd has
been capping the map with these hommers
and Floyd now has the unit Advantage he
killed the pain boy so yeah I think
that's a technical Force off on behalf
of Floyd he got forced off but I think
really he so-called won that engagement
he came out better than his opponent is
what I'm trying to say even though he
was the one that was pushed
away so that was a nice play a little
bit too deep there with the pain
boy probably missed timed it slightly
probably wanted to split up your
Sluggers a bit more and lead with the
Sluggers yes one of them may have got
suppressed by the bar Strangler but you
need your Sluggers a bit closer to the
terma blob before you engage or what we
just seen happen is kind of
inevitable where the pain boy just gets
Focus fired and yeah there's just too
much going on for the stor boys alone to
handle need the Sluggers to get in and
tie up those termas that were
contributing that range DPS so yeah good
engagement good engagement no war G yet
for the mech boy B boys and a sluger
knob queued
up two slugg knobs just one just one
wonder if we'll see a fast vehicle fast
vehicle can work I don't really like the
death dread against tyranids Venom brood
are very good against Walkers not very
good against transports death dread
obviously is a walker and it's more
expensive than the war truck I'd just
get a war truck to force some AV
still have to be
careful you've got potential forx swarm
on these guys which would be a good
choice cuz you don't you don't want to
be going into melee against double
sluger stor boys that's not a good
idea a lot of range DPS here though
these Sluggers definitely do not want to
engage that' be a very bad idea but
they're just kind of trying to stall
there's no one around to help yeah the
rest of the Army is now rotating a storb
knobs going in boom bom boers Big Splash
damage on the Tim against right there
storb jumping onto the Warriors and this
time they can't C so easily because of
the stun wire activated and an isolated
storb squads interesting probably not
that effective oh nice heal big battery
pack heal there on the stor boys and
there you go knob leader Orcs in tier
two a whole different level compared to
the isolated Boys in tier one certainly
with good support like that battery pack
that was beautiful you can see the
impact of that knober there on the Storm
Boys you've got the knob leer here on
the Sluggers as well has this one got it
yep three knob leaders on the field
right now that's going to be tricky for
FL to handle in these Gene Steelers or a
tyrant guard now the Tyrant
guard it will not beat these on its own
it will actually get Torn to Pieces but
what you do is you combine it with your
knockback sources so whilst the the
Sluggers or the storm boys are fighting
the tant guard firstly only so many
models can hit the tant guard at once
because he's only a single entity so you
know you've got seven boys here in
Sluggers you got six stor boys 13 eyes
are not going to be able to attack the
tant guard simultaneously so it's nice
and he can tank the damage whilst you
inflict lots of range damage with these
assets ooh but we've actually got melee
raveners now whilst the Tyrant guard is
fighting the arc melee you want to CC
their melee so you can use flesh hook to
pull in the knob leaders who contribute
the most damage especially the Slugger
knobs cuz they're power melee which is
bonus damage against your Tyrant guard
right you can use your normal burrow
jump with your raveners and it does big
AE knock back and that really helps your
T guard get a load of free hits and not
take damage for a while while the enem
is not back if you use your actual
burrow where you burrow underground with
this
upgrade like infiltration when you
emerge you will stun the AR boys as well
as knock them over and again that buys a
lot of time for your tant guard the
other thing you can do is you can build
capillary towers and spawn spawn mines
out of those capillary Towers at only 50
requisition and then you can escort your
tant guard with the spa mines if the spa
mines explode they're going to do Splash
damage which will really hurt 13 boys
but it won't really hurt a single entity
tant guard so yeah these are some
tactics you can use but ultimately you
got to be careful because the T guard is
very slow and if it does get isolated
from your sources of knock back and
support then it will just get Torn to
Pieces by those
upgraded um boys the other thing to
consider is in any big engagement you
can't retreat with the tant guard the
boys can Retreat out of bad
engagement so what you need to be
careful of is is committing too hard to
an engagement that you thought you'd win
and then the me boy uses CER boys and
then you lose cuz they all get
reinforced they get a huge speed and
damage buff and now you've lost your
Tyrant guard so these are the things you
have to consider here we go we've got
desiccated lavas being spawned out by
the uh the forx Swarm War brood there
debuffing the stor to make them take
more damage tant guard is going to
counter initiate very lucky with a
special attack there but battery pack is
going to mitigate a lot of that AOE
damage the Warriors have retreated from
this situation we are flanking Sluggers
Burning Down The gens really they need
to be participating in the fight a
scythe there coming out from the lior
alpha with the sihing talons doing AE
knock back and suppression that is
another tool that you can use to try and
help in these big melee braws and there
is the CER Boys you've seen the health
of the Sluggers sorry the stor boys very
very low right there and now we need to
see a charge from the tank guard to get
out good play by Floyd to not waste his
charge there he maintained it for a very
long time Sluggers are getting very low
but we've got triple wire activated a
huge speed and damage boost there on the
arcs and like I said look at the speed
at which the tant guard is getting quite
literally Torn to Pieces too slow on the
support here by the Warriors they came
out a little bit too soon and I seen the
call the boys coming from ages when that
Mech boy was running around with all of
his boys surrounding him that's what the
mech boy can do theark heroes are very
fearsome in that regard you have to
really respect the C the boys it's been
nerfed tremendously in the elite mod
compared to retail but it's still such a
powerful ability to change a match uh an
army versus army fight that you fought
was actually going to go your way and
instantly bang it's their way but then
they've also got a speed and a damage
boost and you can't retreat with your
Tyrant guard so GG to the Tyrant guard
it's going down Fufu is now going to be
going to tier three there was a lot of
bleed there inflicted on Fufu but to be
honest he's got an absolutely tremendous
reserve of requisition in his pool so he
should be all
right should be all
right massive engagement there that
could have been decisive that one I mean
it looks like a genen got burnt down as
well nerd nerly got taken down but not
quite and one thing that we're seeing in
this game as well there's a lot more
pressure on Floyd's Farm than there has
been really on fufu's Farm we did see
some range units coming up here I think
they bashed a genen also so but not huge
and like I say as the tyranid you want
to get that early game Advantage so I
think Floyd has not quite managed that
here and it's funny he did get the pain
booy kill as well imagine if in that
engagement there was a pain booy too o
that would have gone very poorly for
Floyd uh I don't really like the adrenal
glance play pick up I think it's always
nice isn't it to get these just flat
stat boosting items in tier one but I
think toxic Cy in tier two is such a
good War gear for these big melee braws
having constant AOE damage which also
heals you so makes you a lot more
durable as elixor more than the adrenal
glands and it also contributes a lot of
damage I think that's more effective and
I probably would have waited for that so
we're trying to get a little snipe here
on the slug up he gets it there you go
all right that's a bit of bleed there
what is that 75 requisition and 25 power
so that's something but Fufu is so far
ahead in Tech it's crazy well to be fair
Floyd is actually going tier three as
well I suppose he did maintain his full
gen Farm didn't
he now we didn't see any vehicle in tier
2 the only AV on the field right now is
the electro shck grubs granted by that
forx swarm Warrior brood again another
thing that makes Walkers very weak
against tyranids you're going to have to
get close to him with a Walker well then
you're going in range of the forx Swarm
aren't you but you don't need to get in
range with a tank and tanks are way
faster than Walkers so yeah this is not
really a viable threat if you hang
around here you can utilize line of
sight blockers to be decent and that's
kind of what you want to be
doing maybe you can call in some rippers
there's a good amount of resources for
Floyd actually but yeah for now this
loot tank is going to be mostly
uncontested we'll see how Floyd chooses
to deal with it he could try and stall
wag hoping to buy enough time to be able
to get a Venom brood not Venom brood
sorry a Venom Cannon
canix but VPS are getting quite low for
both players now Floyd has about 150
he's got the little VP lead at the
moment holding that High Ground Fufu is
buying his time just falling under 200
VPS himself he's going to wait to
consolidate his army and then push
forward with that looted tank perhaps
yeah once the stormm boys rotating over
they are his most valuable asset right
now here we go a lot of blobbing from
Floyd I don't like this was that a
misfire from L tank oh no it rotated
over to deal with some harmers oh those
hommers could die they're dead they're
so dead Floyd too busy looking down here
he's gone for another s on the sluger
OBS and he gets it another snipe on this
Lan
kns big chunks of damage coming out of
that looted tank there is a beautiful
bomber boys doing some nice Splash
damage rotating around the back of the
warrior brood I mean they got their
Electro shut grub off but there's no
follow up because there's no
AV so I don't really know what the point
of that was he didn't actually bleed
that much though Floyd to be honest but
he is pushed off the map yeah so it's
stall right if we look down at the
bottom right there we see a canix is on
Route so that probably is going to be a
Venom Cannon carif effect which is the
dedicated tank counter for the tyranids
doesn't have the speed of a tank but it
outranges it tremendously has way more
max HP and more DPS against Vehicles so
in a 1 V one fight it will slaughter a
tank but just like the Tyrant guard the
problem is you can't retreat with your
car effects but unlike a tank when
you're moving away to get back to your
base you can't reverse so you're very
very vulnerable so you have to be very
careful with your how far you push that
kind effects I would recommend as a rule
of f do not push the the ranged car
effects into the enemy 50% of the map
just don't do it you've got really high
range on this thing way higher range
than a tank you got that bioplasma
ability that does huge Spike damage to a
tank especially if you can skill shot it
onto rear armor and that fires into the
fog of War so you don't need to push it
forward you get a speed Buff when you
get this Venom Cannon as well you can
see plus one speed there goes the
bioplasma swinging a Miss thought the
looted tank would disengaged but he
didn't now he's shooting at the wrong
target shooting at the shooter boys
there only managed to get one of his
Venom cannon shots off we do have the
reinforced armor plating upgraded on the
looted tank so a bit more HP now the
trouble here for the Venom Cannon
counter effects is going to be that you
can tie it up in melee
currently it will take less damage from
range attacks if it's fighting in melee
itself oh Sluggers are enranged no
Sluggers Sluggers no oh foo foo oh
fooo jeez
Fufu yeah and it has no melee resists
either so the storb knob with his his
heavy melee hammer and headbutts will be
quite
fearsome but yeah you can you can see
obviously it dispatched the looted tank
with ease the looted tank is not meant
to stand and trade against it whether it
has the reinforced armor plating or not
honestly could turn around with the
canif effects now start melling probably
didn't need to send it into base with
all this support it would have been an
easy way to snag a kill on that storb
knob there's no way he would be able to
take out the counter effect with all
that support why the stor boy staying in
for so long they're going to lose their
knob to the lior right there oh he went
for the CER boys but the stb knobs
already dead CER boys only reinforces
the models on the actual Squad itself
not they can't give you leaders that
come from upgrades so that was honestly
a major waste I mean what's he trying to
do delay the VP situation he has got a
two to one okay he got the lior but I
don't even know if that's worth it look
how much bleed he's
had well certainly all that bleed here
the models plus the storb up cost more
than 250 for a lior to be
repurchased it is a knob Squad coming
out that will be well yeah it can smash
car effects without melee resist to
pieces in very short order but you still
can't counter the valve Strangler right
still going to suppress you I mean you
can use frenzy temporarily to get
suppression Unity but it's very short
duration not really worth it but send
the kind ofix into melee here to the
shooters the knobs have to pursue the
Warriors because they're just going to
keep getting suppressed if they
don't yeah so you can see they're
getting controlled not a lot of damage
coming out here with just pacing and
what what even is this damage type Spore
or something I can't see it but yeah not
doing a huge amount Shooters just got
slain there and the me boy taken out too
Focus fired down the knobs did manage to
get onto the cars but yeah look B
Strangler still active suppress the
knobs and now there is another coun
effect coming this will obviously be a
melee coun and that will be able to
tango a lot better with the knobs I
think for the upgraded knobs would be a
can Effect 1 V one but the thing is you
get underand knock back right anytime
you have a bad situation where you can't
affect you can just use the the charge
away the form back and you should be in
no real trouble as long as they don't
have a tank to pursue you but even if
they did he's all right cuz he's got a
Venom Cannon can effects to protect it
and all the things that I said earlier
about the Tyrant Guard versus the storm
boys and Sluggers well the same thing
applies for the thornback kind effects
versus The Knobs so the knobs on their
own will 1 V one a formb back fix but
you combine it with your your stun and
your knock back and again your
suppression and your knock
back your suppression and that will help
the format cans win that
fight but again you can't Retreat so
just don't overextend but the beautiful
thing with the formb back is the charge
tends to be a lot more effective than
the Tyrant guard charge it's faster by
default obviously it's vehicle armor so
only really knobs can threaten you
zombos can do something
good Sluggers aren't a threat so there's
fewer squads to worry about so it's
easier to sort of manage it the main
reason the format cter effects is not
something you see straight away is
because it doesn't do anything to a tank
it'll never catch it the tank will just
shoot at it from
afar but yeah VP is getting very low
right now for Floyd he's down to 34
bleeding quite fast right now he hasn't
caught a single VP he is attempting to
gain this contested with his lior
probably wants to get the menacing vage
over there oh actually to be honest
menacing visar would be an amazing way
to just win this game right now by force
retreating the knobs so that's a very
expensive tier three War gear I think
it's like 15 wreck 50 power or
something oh B Strangler I wouldn't do
that just stick with your default
mate at least the default C effects has
melee resist unlik the Venom of the Val
Strangler but yeah you you you could
just go menacing vage and then you can
it gives you an ability that Force ret
forces an a single enemy Target to
retreat so you just use it on knobs
right they're literally the most
expensive unit in the game that can
Retreat and it's a r a formation as well
wow
jeez that's quite desperate there 27 VPS
here for Floyd and yeah frenzy just
going to get the knobs right into Mel
here super tough beam coming out as well
not really that relevant though cuz
they're not taking damage at the moment
there's no knock
back he really could have done with
something that stops suppression but he
doesn't have it and there you go another
the two knobs falling there from the
strangle for
Cannon canix want to be forcing melee on
the MCH boy right
now look at that extra damage from the
desicated lava there huge chunks of
damage coming off with those kind of
swings oh Lor fallen over here wow CL
the life of another sluger Knob but then
died all right well Floyd needs to hurry
up and get onto this VP up here he's
actually getting very low on VPS still a
lot for Fufu over 100 Fufu going for
beam looters to try and help deal with
these car effects from afar yeah that's
why he doesn't want tank Busters might
have gone tank Busters if this was a th
back but tank Busters not having as much
range as a beam looter the canit will
just walk up and suppress them with a
strangle th right
ah looks like one of the Sluggers got
wiped over
here trying to
[Music]
stall the problem is Fufu is not dealing
with a hill so he might get this VP down
here but he's still not got the the
majority yeah so there's the beam me but
how's is he going to attack this yeah
this is going to be very difficult this
thing can fire over with the
elevation very good map for the B
strangle actually now I think about
it I still think Farm back would have
been better to play it safe but it
doesn't really
matter it's revealed the beam loo here
shooting at spawn mines but stood next
to his own Point that's how he can see
them the boys need themselves and they
do wow strangle for Cannon range with
the elevation
yikes there goes the frenzy very early
it would seem to me so you just have to
back off now and they're going to get
suppressed there's double suppression
here with the the bab Strangler as well
yeah great yikes on man knock back more
suppression yikes yep I mean look knobs
can't take on the whole world on their
own it's kind of ridiculous need support
but has run out he's run out of tools
the line of sight block is here causing
a real problem the beam looters can't
really get close enough can't get a good
angle and I think that's going to be GG
yeah has to be a GG there's no way fuu
can take these points now with the
amount of VPS he's
got I don't think they're going to get
to the points remember if it's a 2 to
one cap you need to start decapping when
you have seven VPS left he can't get a
unit onto the point we got more of these
B
raveners nice to see these melee
upgraded ravs actually it's funny you
often see them staying ranged in order
to deal with melee CU you don't actually
want to go into melee and they still get
their disruption from their knockback so
you can still use that with ar ranged
mode if you're trying to help your T
guard or your farm back but yeah they're
actually putting some good work there
burrowing around the place quite long
VPS in the end there 27 for Floyd I feel
like he was a bit sloppy on the VPS
quite a lot I feel like he could have s
of hurried up a bit caught those VPS a
bit sooner in a few engagements but yeah
good game overall there nice to see
tyranids versus ORS I told you it's
Carnage every time Lads Carnage every
time I'm just thinking where did that
fall apart for Fufu I don't really know
I mean losing the looted tank was huge
that was just like what
why he might have even won the game if
he actually forced melee with his
Sluggers cuz the looted tank would have
stayed alive and there was nothing
supporting the form back sorry the Venom
can effects if you think about it there
was a lot of fighting down here and
clearly the Tad lost that cuz then you
seen the Sluggers and the storm boy
rotate over to attack the the Venom
Cannon
so that alone brought it down to half HP
imagine if the the tank was still around
if that Venom Cannon had overextended
and got killed at that point that
probably would have been the game for
Fufu cuz then he'd have the knob Squad
out and the knob Squad would deal with
any subsequent Venom cannons and if
there were no subsequent Venom cannons
then how would he kill fufu's tank see
that was probably the critical Factor
here and it was a pretty big blunder
that's one of the big disadvantages of
the Venom Canon can effects you can
still tie it up in melee the advantage
is he can go and do melee damage even
though he dedicated AV he can hurt
infantry with melee but yeah the fact
that you can tie it up with things like
Sluggers when it's trying to kill a tank
is definitely a
disadvantage but there you go folks hope
you enjoyed that one that's going to be
all from your Bo top it if you want to
see more highle content like this check
out the patreon I may say even higher
level content you will find on the
patreon but other 50 videos on there now
that you can get access to immediately
with
one5 subscription peace
[Music]
a